The Map View

    The "map view" offers the user the advantage of displaying multiple queries on a single view in order to compare their geographical locations.  The map view accomplishes this by implementing the Google Maps API to plot RDF latitudes and longitudes that come out of a specific query.  Additionally, the map view can handle addresses uses the newly introduced geocoding feature in the Google Maps API.  While some may be able to simply figure out a location by its address as given in a table view, very few users can make any sense of a highly accurate set of coordinates.  With the map view, the user can overcome this barrier to get meaningful information out of simple coordinates.
    The following are a pair of example cases that lend themselves to the capabilities of the tabulator's map view:
        1.  Bobby wants to go out to dinner in Cambridge, but doesn't know the first thing about restaurants.  He does, however, know that he wants to go to a well-rated restaurant with meals under 20 dollars per plate.  He also knows that he doesn't want to stray far from his hotel--the Marriot next to Kendall Square.  Bobby selects to tabulate restaurants by their Zagat rating, their cost ($10-20) , and their city (Cambridge).  He then plots his hotel as a single point on the map, and looks around for the restaurant he wants.  The map view displays the restaurants as single points, and when Bobby clicks on those points, he receives an info bubble that tells him the restaurant's Zagat rating, cost, and city.  Double clicking on the restaurant name will open its full description in an outline.
        2.  Pat is trying to find a spot for her family's summer vacation.  To do this, Pat decides to combine two different sets of information: she wants to look at pictures of top beaches and additionally the locations of various top hotels.  First, Pat adds a query to her map that displays all of the hotels in her area of interest.  Next, Pat loads up a database of photos in the same location that have been submitted by various other tourists, complete with coordinates and brief descriptions of the attractions in the area.  Pat clicks on the various markers representing for photos--the map view display thumbnails of the images in info bubbles for her--and when she finds one that particularly piques her interest, she looks for the nearest hotel.  By picking out her favorite attractions, Pat is able to triangulate the ideal hotel in her price range.
    With its multiple views, the map can lend itself to these and a wide array of other complex queries that the user may have with regards to geographical relationships.